DOCSP-35724: $in operator documentation (#372)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/fundamentals/atlas-search.txt

To learn more about the ``geoWithin`` operator, see the :atlas:`geoWithin </atlas-search/geoWithin>` 
Atlas guide.

In
~~

> Use the ``In()`` method to search for documents that have field values matching a list
> of specified values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ``In()`` method to search for documents with field values that match a list
of specified values.
```

The following example searches the ``guitars`` collection for documents that have a
``make`` field value of either ``"Fender"`` or ``"Gibson"``.

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-examples/atlas-search/AtlasSearchExamples.cs

>    :start-after: // start-in-search
>    :end-before: // end-in-search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :start-after: start-in-search
   :end-before: end-in-search
```

Author: A symptom of relying too much on Copilot autocomplete.
